The Joe Rogan experience.
Here's what I'm worried about. I'm worried that they,
that it's now been proven that someone with a lot of money who's outside the
system can win and can actually become the president.
The worry that I have is not just that someone worse than him tries to do it
again, but someone was like really, truly evil.
The other worry is that the other side tries to prevent that from happening and
by doing so they justify hamstringing democracy. Like they decide like,
look, we can't ever let this happen again.
So we need a concerted effort where we coordinate with the media,
we coordinate with the,
all of the different intelligence communities and we figure out a way to
pick,
pick the people that we want to win and attack the person that we don't,
because that's how banana republics get started. Okay.
And that's how people get assassinated.
And that's how people justify a lot of wild they justify because they think
ultimately it's imperative for the future of our nation.
If this person doesn't win and our person gets in there and they think so,
so zealously that they're willing to do wild.
And that's what happens in other countries.
And we were talking before this podcast about,
they killed the president of Haiti yesterday.
Yeah. That's um,
would you say that I'm so disappointed in myself? Cause I just,
I just feel like, like, as a black person,
when I hear black news from a white person, like that I should know,
like I should have known before you got the president of the Haiti got
assassinated.
To be honest, I'm really up on assassinations. I follow all the assassination,
Twitter page I'm on assassination, Twitter.
Sasha nation Twitter. I'm just guessing. Oh, okay. I was going to say.
I just pay attention to new. A squad of gunmen assassinated patient precedent.
How do you say his name? Jovan Nell Moyes. Jamie,
I'm sorry. Did his wife and an overnight raid on his home,
on their home on Wednesday inflicting more chaos in the Caribbean country that
was already in during gang violence, soaring, inflation,
and protests of its increasingly authoritarian rule. Wow.
Prime minister, claw Yosef.
Well, what's scary about this kind of stuff is, uh, you know,
who knows who's going to take over now. You know,
when someone assassinates the president,
they don't want that president in there for various reasons.
So who's kind of coming now,
how much worse is it going to be for the Haitian people? How much, what,
what kind of person is going to try to take over now?
I feel like it's been pretty bad for Haitian people for,
I don't know if it's ever been good. Well,
I was telling you earlier that that's the first slave.
That's the only slave rebellion in history that works.
It says a boat Edmond.
The Haitian ambassador to the United States said the attack on the 53 year old
Moise. Uh, I'm not saying it's, I don't know if I'm saying his name. Right?
Moisi M O I S E was carried out by foreign mercenaries and professional
killers.
Well-orchestrated and that there were masquerading as agents of the us drug
enforcement administration.
The DEA has an office in the Haitian Capitol to assist the government in counter
narcotics programs, according to the U S embassy.
Well, if drugs were legal over there,
they wouldn't have had this know that that's not true.
Rather than whacking people.
Or man, but see, I'll be on some game of Thrones. Like I don't,
I don't even trust this. I'm like maybe he had something to do with it.
You know? So true. You never know it's it's so hard to know when,
by the time the news gets to someone like you or me who the?
No. Yeah. It's the steel. Who knows? Cause well that that's,
what's so funny to me is I feel like where does we're the same as China where we
it's just that we're all convinced.
We're all convinced that we're not being controlled,
but they just have a different method of doing it. You know? Like, oh,
well over there the government was straight up. Just be like, yeah,
we're spying on you. Yeah. And over here, they're still spying on you. They,
you just convinced that they aren't or that it's not so bad,
but they it's the same outcome. They know everything you're doing.
And every move you make, we just feel free. Like,
like the you brought up about Edward Snowden, right? Yeah.
You would expect that kind of information to make people rebel. But,
but some.
People rebelled, some people were furious.
Well, I heard that I heard Julian Assange, like he had a quote that was like,
I don't know what the exact,
but the sentiment was just that all people really care about is their
sense of freedom, not their actual freedoms. So you can tell a bunch,
you can tell a, you can tell a bunch of. The government is spiraling.
You collect an, all your messages, listen to all your phone calls,
all your purchases, everything, but you feel free and people don't give a.
Cause you feel free. More people gave a about having to wear a mask.
Then the government spying on them because that makes you feel less free. Yes.
And that's what we're lazy.
And the thing about the government having that power,
it's actually bad for them. Cause it's not,
it's too much responsibility because you have to lie about it. First of all,
because you're not supposed to have that kind of power.
And that's supposed to be able to just spy on people randomly because at the end
of the day, the government is comprised of people and we're people.
So it's just people spying on people and you're doing it through initials. Oh,
where the FBI and the NSA and the DEA and the Bubba. He just,
people spying on people,
reinforcing laws that were written down on paper,
by who the knows who and who knows who the knows.
If those laws are valid in 2021 anymore,
with all the technology we have today with the abilities to do things today are
so much greater than what these laws were established about.
Like in the 1970s or 1960s. And even then.
Yeah, I'm on some George Carlos, it's your freedom is an illusion.
The only thing that is comfort and violence, you, you have,
you have comforts and you either have the, you to have the,
the ability to use violence to maintain it or not. But that's really all it is.
It's like, if you, you can, you can create this utopia with all these rules,
but if you can't enforce the rules, it doesn't matter.
So you violence will always be a part of the world. Authoritarianism.
I just comes to violence. I honestly, in this country,
I'm almost less concerned because if it comes to violence in this country,
I just,
I can't imagine how the government is legitimately going to take
over.
When a lot of the people that are actually in the military would
have to turn on the people that they grew up with.
They would have to turn on the people that they,
that they love in their communities because the government tells them to like
the end of the day, the people that protect us, it's the military,
the government of the people that direct the military. But you're,
there's a push comes to shove there. You, you,
you're never really gonna take over this country in a military way because the
military, the people that will not want you to do that.
So they wouldn't trust these Weasley politicians that would try to do that.
Yeah. I think at the end of the day,
more people would challenge who
they'd be more attached to who is in charge of them,
then the cous president or who's in the government. Yeah.
Well that would be harder.
It'd be really hard to get the government to control the military,
to the point where the military turns on regular people really hard because
they're not, the idea is like that the elites are going to control the world,
but the elites are not the military. There are elite human beings.
There are elite soldiers,
but there are not elites in terms of like the 1% of the world.
They're regular folks for the most part.
So getting regular folks to turn on regular folks,
because the elites tell them to, that's one of those weird,
like how do you do this things?
So the way to control populations is through propaganda and reeducation of
their youth, turning people on each other.
Like if you really wanted to up a future community, you would, uh, you know,
you'd distribute propaganda to their children,
teach their children to feel bad about themselves. And that this, this,
this country and this society is a mistake in a disaster and the worst thing to
ever happen. And we need to burn it down.
If you taught that to kids over and over and over again, those kids grow up.
Well, you have a real shot at things up because you can ruin all of the
structures that have kept societies together. And then if you accompany that,
if you company that with things like de fund the police, whoa,
and we're not going to prosecute anybody for anything less than 950 bucks. Oh,
now you got a little funny coding. Yeah. You got open looting. You got chaos.
The cops scared arrest people.
You got elevated crime rates catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for
free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Geri on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.